# 计算机科学概论模拟测试

【1】 (名词解释)file 

【2】 (计算题)1110011 + 11001 (binary addition) 

【3】 (Single Choice)What translates a Java program into Bytecode?   A) Interpreter   B) Assembler   **C) Compiler**   D) Machine code 

【4】 (名词解释)information system 

【5】 (名词解释)object 

【6】 (Single Choice)What French Matchematician built and sold the firstgear-drive mechanical machine that did addition and subtraction?   A) Leibniz   **B) Pascal**   C) Hollerith   D) Turing 

【7】 (Single Choice)( ) are the file extensions with audio file.   A) doc and wp3   **B) mp3, au, and wav**   C) jpg   D) txt 

【8】 (True or False)A computer does some tasks much better than a human being.   A)True   **B)False** 

【9】 (名词解释)Artificial intelligence 

【10】 (Single Choice)What are the properties of stack?   A) FIFO   **B) FILO**   C) no order   D) back in, back out 

【11】 (Single Choice)Historically, which is the operating system of choice for serious programmers?   A) DOS   **B) UNIX**   C) MacOS   D) Windows 

【12】 (Single Choice)( ) is the industry for LANs.   **A) Ethernet**   B) Internet   C) LAN   D) Bus topology 

【13】 (True or False)Lossless compression means the data can be retrieved without losing any of the original information.   A)True   **B)False** 

【14】 (True or False)A cell in a spreadsheet can contain only raw data.   **A)True**   B)False 

【15】 (Single Choice)What is a continuous representation of information？   A) Hollerith   **B) Analog**   C) Sampling   D) Frequency of use 

【16】 (计算题)Convert the following real numbers to binary (five binary places): 0.50 

【17】 (名词解释)application software 

【18】 (True or False)The Internet and the Web are essentially two names for the same thing.   A)True   **B)False** 

【19】 (Question)Given the following list: 25,23,43,45,28,10,13,50,22,30, show the sorting result in asscending order of the fourth run using the insertion sort algorithm. 

【20】 (True or False)Binary numbers are important in computing because a binary number can be converted into every other base.   A)True   **B)False** 

【21】 (计算题)Convert each of the following decimal numbers to two’s complement, then perform additions in binary.(N=8) 7 + 120 = 

【22】 (True or False)A real-time system must respond within a strict time frame. Disastrous consequences if response times are delayed too far.   **A)True**   B)False 

【23】 (True or False)The computer that is set up to respond to web requests is a web browser.   **A)True**   B)False 

【24】 (Single Choice)( ) is a program designed to be embedded into an HTML document.   A) HTML   **B) Java applet**   C) TAG   D) URL 

【25】 (名词解释)Computer network 

【26】 (Question)List the four steps in Polya’s “How to Solve It” List. 

【27】 (Question)What are the types of cohesion? 

【28】 (True or False)Voice synthesis is the most difficult part of natural language processing.   A)True   **B)False** 

【29】 (True or False)A stack exhibits LIFO behavior.   **A)True**   B)False 

【30】 (Single Choice)The database ( ) is the speccification of the logical structure of the data in the database.   **A) schema**   B) field   C) function   D) range 

【31】 (True or False)A text file stores binary data that is organized into groups of 8 or 16 bits that are interpreted as characters.   A)True   **B)False** 

【32】 (Single Choice)The gate of ( ) is inverts its input.   **A) NOT**   B) NAND   C) XOR   D) NOR 

【33】 (Question)What does FSB stand for? 

【34】 (True or False)A port is a numeric designation that corresponds to a particular high-level protocol.   **A)True**   B)False 

【35】 (True or False)An operating system is an example of application software.   A)True   **B)False** 

【36】 (True or False)A linear search cannot be applied to an array-based list.   A)True   **B)False** 

【37】 (True or False)A binary search cannot be applied to a linked list.   **A)True**   B)False 

【38】 (Single Choice)( ) is generic compact disk that is recorded during manufacturing.   A) CD-WORM   B) CD-RW   **C) CD**   D) CD-DA